[Music]
hey everybody
okay you ready have some fun we're gonna
find with the name of this recipe
because some people say general Tsao
chicken some people say general tso
chicken
some people say general tso chicken so
however so this is here however you want
to say it I don't care I'm gonna say the
American version because I did a lot of
research most websites say Americans say
it general tso chicken so I'm just gonna
leave it at that right now you guys know
what I'm talking about
because everybody I've talked to says
how much they love this dish
so let's hope we can nail it all right
come on close let's get started okay
let's do the rundown of course you need
the oil I'm using vegetable oil you've
got the sugar right here some chicken
broth white wine you can leave it out of
the recipe if you want three pounds of
boneless skinless chicken breast
cornstarch soy sauce vinegar scallions
or what some of you call green onions
you know make this some garlic and some
dried chilies all right the first thing
I'm going to do is cube up all your
chicken I did some some small ones and
some really big ones kind of mix it up a
little bit and then just set that off to
the side now we're gonna work on our
sauce that's right you may you could
make this the day before and just put in
the fridge and just shake it up and use
it when you need it
but right now we're gonna make it right
here on the spot I think I've got
everything laid out for the sauce so
we're gonna start off with the liquids
first we're gonna do the chicken broth
we'll do the white wine will do the
vinegar
the soy sauce a little bit of water
garlic this is the cornstarch sugar and
then my favorite part right here close
it up give it a shake well make sure
make sure the lids on tight it's such a
cooking with Jack shower incident okay
before we start to coat our chicken over
on the table put this on the table get
ready to start doing the coating but
first you want to get your oil hot so
I'm gonna put some oil in the pan right
now so we're gonna swirl slowly pour
this in I'm only gonna go about half way
maybe a little bit above the halfway
mark okay you're gonna get this real hot
you're gonna want to make sure that you
only do a few pieces at a time seven or
eight pieces at the most okay so I'm
gonna let this heat up then we're gonna
bring up bring over the chicken once
it's dipped this is called a cornstarch
slurry so we're gonna do is put all my
cornstarch in here the recipe says is
gonna look really bizarre it's gonna be
very pasty as you guys know I don't make
this stuff before I do the show so this
could be a complete failure so we're
gonna do an egg scrambled
put your soy sauce in there and you're
gonna mix up the slurry
it's like flour it's gonna get really
messy so just deal with it see it it's
almost like caramel or something it's
really weird all right let's put it in a
piece of chicken and see how it works
make sure your hands are clean by the
way like really pasty
okay so you dip your chicken in there
it's gonna be gummy but when you pull it
out there is gonna be some excess so let
it drip I don't know why it's so gummy
and yet when you lift it up it drips
okay so you're gonna coat it like that
once the excess is done take this over
to the oil drop it in and cook it all
completely on the outside and then put
it on a plate with a paper towel all
right so this is kind of what it looks
like take a look once you got it all
batter and you're cooking it looks just
like that put it over here to drip dry
we're almost done we're gonna go to the
next step all right let the oil cool
down a little bit then you're gonna dump
out almost all of this and just leave a
little bit at the bottom so we can stir
fry the onions and the peppers okay so
the next step is to take your peppers
and onions get those stir-fried just
about 30 45 seconds just to get
everything poppin flavor-wise okay now
get the sauce that we made earlier and
it will have separated so you want to
shake it back up see make sure there's
no clumps in it you're gonna add the
sauce into the pan and you're gonna cook
this down until it thickens
that's right it'll thicken just give it
time okay so I'm sitting here stirring
this and this thing just kicked in over
time it was all liquidy like you just
saw a second ago and then it went poof
unbelievable look at it just completely
transformed in seconds I'm totally blown
away guys it like it just reacted I
didn't even have time to turn the camera
on to show you what happened but as I'm
stirring the liquid it turned in this
beautiful glaze it went poof and I had
to stir it fast it was getting dark and
it was moving around and groovin and
whoo look at that Wow
this is crazy look how thick it got okay
so let's quickly put the pieces in
we're gonna mix this all together see if
I can do without okay so be ready for it
to just take a fact I got caught off
guard and this thing just launched into
glazed heaven unbelievable I've never
seen anything react so fast it was
mind-blowing I wish I'd captured it on
film can you even see that can you get a
good I can't even begin to tell you how
amazing the smells I am way excited okay
I would say I nailed it
that is gorgeous hold on a minute
I'm gonna go cry I'll be right back okay
can you tell him a little excited over
this I mean so many times I like missed
the mark on this show but when I hit it
I impressed myself look it's completely
coated the garlic is stuck like some man
I just love it it's completely glazed I
don't know what you guys think you saw
it up close all right here we go
mmm oh wow now what I say it was easy
no this reminds me it was kind of
difficult it was kind of like when I did
Julia Child I did the the beef
bourguignon and I'm kind of I'm kind of
wondering if maybe there's a better
method of getting general tso chicken
into the kitchen without doing all that
work so hold on a second here's what I'm
gonna do I need some help so I'm gonna
reach out to another youtuber right now
it's my buddy Greg who is the frozen
food master over it the show freezer
burns I'm wondering if he could find
some sort of uh I don't know who knows
maybe can help me we'll leave a message
if he doesn't pick up just great the
first food master leave a comment
suggestion or just say hi and I may play
your message on the next episode of free
spreads thanks for calling hey Greg it's
Jack Scalf Lonnie from the cooking with
Jack shell hey dude
listen I'm trying to find an easier way
of doing General Tso's chicken and I
don't even know if I'm saying it right
so not only do I need help saying it
correctly but is there a frozen food
version of this because I just busted my
butt it was a hard recipe and if I can
get this easier through something that
you could find on your show that'd be
awesome
could you do me a favor and help me out
thanks bud give me a call back
bye bye hmm I think we're gonna have to
go over to his show and see if he can uh
yeah that's what we're gonna do we're
going to go to freezer burns and see if
he can help help us with this dilemma if
you don't want to go through all this
work which this is amazing
let's see what he can do
[Music]